From what you have heard or read, which of these statements about the development of human life on Earth comes closest to what most biological scientists say?
Please compare the US to other developed nations in a few different areas. In each instance, how does the US compare? Entertainment, including movies, music and television
Thinking back to when you started living with your partner, how much, if at all, was you or your partner were pregnant a reason you decided to move in together?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in in stores or restaurants situations?
In general, how important, if at all, is it to you for someone in high political office to work well under pressure?
How important is it to you, personally, to live in a community with a strong sense of community
If you were deciding what the federal government should do to improve the quality of life for future generations, what priority would you give to who come here legally? Allowing more immigrants into the U.S.
How much, if at all, do you think the ease with which people can legally obtain guns contributes to gun violence in the country today?
Please indicate whether you think the following is is a reason why there are fewer women than men in high political offices. Women don't do as good of a job selling their accomplishments
Thinking about Joe Biden's ability to handle a number of things, how confident are you that Joe Biden can do deal effectively with global climate change?
How much confidence, if any, do you have in the military to act in the best interests of the public?
In general, how important, if at all, is being married in order for a woman to live a fulfilling life?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think reducing the spread of infectious diseases should be given?
If you were asked to use one of these commonly used names for the social classes, which would you say you belong in?
How much of a priority should the following be for the federal government to address: Reducing economic inequality
How likely is it that genetically modified foods will create problems for the environment
How often, if ever, do you and your partner talk about getting married?
In general, how do you think being assertive impacts a woman's chances of getting elected to high political office?
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women have fewer opportunities to interact with people in senior positions outside of work
In general, how do you think being ambitious impacts a woman's chances of getting elected to high political office?
Do you ever say "please" when speaking to your smart speaker?
Thinking again about race and race relations in the U.S. in general, how well, if at all, do you think each of these groups get along with each other in our society these days? Blacks and Hispanics
Now thinking about your spouse how long have you and your spouse been married?
Still thinking about elections in the country, how confident, if at all, are you that people who are legally qualified and want to vote are able to cast a ballot
How much power and influence do you think people who are wealthy have on today's economy?
How much, if at all, would it bother you to hear people speak a language other than English in a public place?
How much, if at all, do you think too much regulation of major corporations contributes to economic inequality in this country?
If you were deciding what the federal government should do to improve the quality of life for future generations, what priority would you give to dealing with climate change?
In the US, how strong, if at all, are conflicts between people who practice different religions?
Do you think same-sex marriages being legal in the U.S. is generally good or bad for our society?
comment
